h1. Redmine Plugins Helper

This plugin adds extra management functions for Redmine's plugins.

h2. Requirements

There is no other plugins required.
Currently, there is no gems required (No Gemfile).
Seems to work in Redmine's versions 3.0.3, 3.3.1 and 3.4.5.

h2. Installation

Just put this directory in folder "plugins" of Redmine.

h2. Tasks

|_. Name |_. Description |
| @redmine:migrate@ | Run migrations of core Redmine and installed plugins. |
| @redmine:plugins:migrate:fix@ | Fix migrations moved from a plugin to another. |
| @redmine:plugins:migrate:status@ | Show migrations status of all plugins. |

h2. Features for pĺugins

h3. Initializers

Just like other Rails applications or engines just put a initializer under the
directory */config/initializers*.

Note: plugins' initializers are runned after all plugins have registered.

h4. Example

File in *@/plugins/redmine_tasks_scheduler/config/initializers/assets.rb@*:

<pre>
Rails.application.config.assets.precompile += %w(active_scaffold.css)
Rails.application.config.assets.precompile += %w(active_scaffold.js)
</pre>

h3. Post registration

Allows to run code like in *@Redmine::Plugin.register@* environment, but after
the plugin already is registered.

h4. Example

File in *@plugins/redmine_nonproject_modules/config/initializers/000_dependencies.rb@*:

<pre>
Redmine::Plugin.post_register :redmine_nonproject_modules do
  # Source: https://github.com/esquilo-azul/redmine_plugins_helper
  requires_redmine_plugin(:redmine_plugins_helper, version_or_higher: '0.3.0')
end
</pre>
